README.md, before:

properties-webapp
============================

properties-webapp is a webapp that stores and serves properties.


# REST API
| ENDPOINT |DESCRIPTION  |
|--|--|
| GET /properties/properties | get all of the properties as a JSON map |
| PUT /properties/properties | save all of the properties JSON map provided in the body|
| GET /properties/properties/keys | get all of the keys in from the properties |
| GET /properties/property/{key} | get the value of the key |
| PUT /properties/property/{key} | add the value (as the body) for the provided key |
| DELETE /properties/property/{key} | delete the value for the provided key |


# Install

```
docker pull vincentrussell/properties-webapp:1.0
```

# Development
## Install software
### homebrew (mac)
* brew install docker-machine
* brew install docker
* docker-machine create --driver virtualbox properties-webapp
* docker-machine env properties-webapp
* eval "$(docker-machine env properties-webapp)"


## build the docker container
Build and Run the docker container ...

```
docker build -t vincentrussell/properties-webapp .
docker run -p 80:8000 -p 443:443 -it --rm vincentrussell/properties-webapp
```

# Use

```
docker run -d -p 80:80 -p 443:443 vincentrussell/properties-webapp:1.0
```

# Environment Variable Options

|Environment variable  | Description |
|--|--|
| server.port | The http (unsecured) port to use  |
| server.https.port | The https (secured) port to use  |
| https.authorized.dns | The Authorized Dns delimited by two commas (,,) that should acces  |
| javax.net.ssl.keyStore | The keystore to use  |
| javax.net.ssl.keyStorePassword | The keystore password to use  |
| javax.net.ssl.keyStoreType | The type of keystore (JKS or PKCS12)  |
| javax.net.ssl.trustStore | The truststore to use |
| javax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword| The truststore password to use  |
| javax.net.ssl.trustStoreType | The type of truststore (JKS or PKCS12)  |
| javax.net.ssl.sslProtocol | The ssl protocol to use (TLSv1.2)  |
| javax.net.ssl.keyAlias | The alias in the keystore to use  |
| javax.net.ssl.clientAuth | The tomcat client auth to use.  (optional, required, false, etc.)  |
| properties.file | The persistent properties file to store the properties. (saved to every 45 seconds)  |



## ChangeLog

Version: 1.0.0, 2020-11-29

Initial Release

Commit message:

updating support for swagger.host

README.md, after:

properties-webapp
============================

properties-webapp is a webapp that stores and serves properties.


# REST API
| ENDPOINT |DESCRIPTION  |
|--|--|
| GET /properties/properties | get all of the properties as a JSON map |
| PUT /properties/properties | save all of the properties JSON map provided in the body|
| GET /properties/properties/keys | get all of the keys in from the properties |
| GET /properties/property/{key} | get the value of the key |
| PUT /properties/property/{key} | add the value (as the body) for the provided key |
| DELETE /properties/property/{key} | delete the value for the provided key |


# Install

```
docker pull vincentrussell/properties-webapp:1.0
```

# Development
## Install software
### homebrew (mac)
* brew install docker-machine
* brew install docker
* docker-machine create --driver virtualbox properties-webapp
* docker-machine env properties-webapp
* eval "$(docker-machine env properties-webapp)"


## build the docker container
Build and Run the docker container ...

```
docker build -t vincentrussell/properties-webapp .
docker run -p 80:8000 -p 443:443 -it --rm vincentrussell/properties-webapp
```

# Use

```
docker run -d -p 80:80 -p 443:443 vincentrussell/properties-webapp:1.0
```

# Environment Variable Options

| Environment variable             | Description                                                                         |
|----------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| server.port                      | The http (unsecured) port to use                                                    |
| server.https.port                | The https (secured) port to use                                                     |
| https.authorized.dns             | The Authorized Dns delimited by two commas (,,) that should acces                   |
| javax.net.ssl.keyStore           | The keystore to use                                                                 |
| javax.net.ssl.keyStorePassword   | The keystore password to use                                                        |
| javax.net.ssl.keyStoreType       | The type of keystore (JKS or PKCS12)                                                |
| javax.net.ssl.trustStore         | The truststore to use                                                               |
| javax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword | The truststore password to use                                                      |
| javax.net.ssl.trustStoreType     | The type of truststore (JKS or PKCS12)                                              |
| javax.net.ssl.sslProtocol        | The ssl protocol to use (TLSv1.2)                                                   |
| javax.net.ssl.keyAlias           | The alias in the keystore to use                                                    |
| javax.net.ssl.clientAuth         | The tomcat client auth to use.  (optional, required, false, etc.)                   |
| properties.file                  | The persistent properties file to store the properties. (saved to every 45 seconds) |
| swagger.host                     | The host that swagger should use.  (Useful when using a proxy for this app)         |




## ChangeLog

Version: 1.0.0, 2020-11-29

Initial Release
